Let's take a look at the firewall exercise.
You were tasked with creating a firewall rule. Let's see how you did.
Using Cisco syntax, compose a firewall rule allowing the IP address
150.220.31.199 access to IP
address 172.28.16.15 on port TCP-9001.
Name the source IP,
Central-001 and the destination IP, Web-001.
Use you Udacity-ingress as the interface.
Here's what you should have come up with.
The command to name an object is;
name, the IP address,
and then the name you'd like to use.
We did this for both source and destination objects.
Finally, you should have access list,
the interface used, in this case you Udacity-ingress, then extended permit,
TCP host, the source object,
which we named Central-001 host,
and then the destination object of Web-001,
eq and in the port 9001.